they'll have to give it back and they'll
take a photograph home what do you do
with that photograph of a stained glass
window yellowpaw so to the finale of
this oil confirmation for 2007 it is the
final of the men's eights and again
there are some notable absentee
Switzerland Italy New Zealand veterus
Poland and crows are all aspire to be in
the final but they didn't make it but
you've got to rule in here China because
they will certainly have a challenging
men's eight lineup as we see Australia
out on the far side in lane one Russia
into Canada 530 388 the fastest
qualifiers into the final this is of
course a mic Spracklin train crew they
won in lint missed Amsterdam and now
they're back and they could be as
fascinating to watch as the American
women were in their verse and a few
minutes ago Germany are in lane number
four they are of course the world
champions Great Britain and then the
Netherlands and this is the regular
Great Britain squad but there is a
substitution through injury Tom Lucy who
I think was due to be in the bow has
been replaced by Simon field house yes
he didn't see field house in the bar
sedo's I did see in the bay so I beg
your pardon yes Lucy Lucy replaced by
field house instead of by language who
performed austrailia low power in the
pair this morning Clara under the
weather in some way canada yes so
medical reasons we know everybody but we
wish him well and frayed Putin it
evident closest to you in the nettles to
the bottom Great Britain three from the
bottom Germany Canada three from the top
Russia and on the far side Australia
a big roar goes up
all the crowds can watch this top to
tail all the way down on the big screen
here and we go away with the world
champions the world champions who were
not in disarray but their performances
leading into the first world cup for a
gala persuaded Germany not to enter
their main spot and the Germans only
fought in Amsterdam indeed and they've
been doing some pretty serious talking
to and training since interesting to see
whether they can keep this early lead I
think they've got a bad wall in front at
this stage but this is a tough field and
Canada should be the real pacemakers
from everybody else to race off closest
year we've got the Dutch and took the
bottom our Great Britain
Greg written within the spreadsheet
Alistair heathcote Mason never got the
concent then moving up to Germany burnt
Reineke great great stroke great
motivator in the structure for Germany
man peanut either new boxers have got
his experience and in Canada and other
experienced miner there in Bryan price
facing his stroke Carl Hamilton for
Russia is Dennis marked a lot with
pebble sabang king of the Russian Watson
and Australia just a pass in about six
base I would reckon australia on the far
side with Jeremy Stephenson in the
structure part eruption from after the
through the first 500 it is Canada
Germany Russia great quick netherland
and Australia two and a half seconds two
point three six seconds will be
precisely separating the six and it is
Canada now who pulled it out to nearly a
quarter of a length and interesting lead
quite unlike calendar cruise that first
emerged eight years ago when Mike's back
and landed there after the Olympics and
introduce the new lay back to the styles
here much longer stroke to the finish
and there now sitting up and looked
exactly like all the other cruise around
them but the difference this time is
that they're much sharper in when those
blades meet the water immediately lock
on and they look quicker and sharper on
that cat
and they hit it harder on the couch and
all the people the finish is nothing to
write home about it's all about banging
that boat smacking that both just to get
it moving again and as the paste eyes
just pick it up and thrust it forward
and that's extremely effective style
it's quite interesting will you
reflective remember here in the late
90's night estately one in seven eight
nine
then big favourites to win
Vijender Canada 2002b down the tree all
went seriously wrong for them I just
wonder whether lights crackling is going
to turn it round in the same way I'm
pregnant success in
what he's doing this afternoon what his
crew is doing this afternoon is leading
an eight spinal by a huge margin coming
up to half way and they are ready three
quarters of a late nearly a length ahead
of this field that is an outstanding
result you have to put into the basement
said China and we have to remember my
Katie as not on rack is
Germany being drawn back into the field
on the far side of them it's the
Russians coming after Russia's again and
Great Britain in Lane five now closing
on Germany moving together with Russia
difficult for ASA never got the British
cops to call across to his crew because
the Dutch are sliding back out of it and
aren't giving any help to him to draw
them on but it's that's Russia now and
we can see that Russia is closing on
Germany Germany the moment with a canvas
over Russia in third place bridge number
five Bible in fourth place just over 500
meters to go unless the night now for
the leaders Canada go into the water
with a comfortable amount of Germany
Russia Great Britain
suction Australians is that order and
who's going to take this away from
coming with you
what I suspect
39 strokes the untroubled elect curve
British challenge to Germany now are the
fading from the Russian challenge to
Germany still there's a canvas between
them can the Germans with the boat race
winners Sebastian shorter Jost engelmann
at five and six they're the key engine
room players engine room needs to work
now if this crew is to hold off the
Russians
but it's the Canadians very confident
they are the only now beginning to move
on them as having dropped the Russians a
little bit but still
3 250 meters to go for the big clothes
unassailable German
i now bring the
George lowes now in a policy
at the highest class here canada to take
the fun wait why
10th anniversary of the FIFA World Cup
ahead
on the near side Germany Russia a
revival certainly on the
russian red squad canada take the
victory germany get the overlap to take
second place ahead pen or brush a great
way to finish for just ahead of the
netherlands with australia down in sixth
place that was emphatic and well Canada
Mike spracklin the crew Brian Price girl
Hamilton Adam freak Dominic sitel a
Malcolm power Jake Wetzel james burns
then Rutledge and Kevin light they've
made their presence felt in no uncertain
terms and it'll be fascinating to see
what Mike Katie for America can put up
against that alive 3059 that needs some
very decisive vision